gh-99254: remove all unused consts from code objects (#99255)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-11-08-17-47-10.gh-issue-99254.RSvyFt.rst

> Compile removes all unused consts from code objects (except the first one, which may be a dicstring).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compiler now removes all unused constants from code objects (except the first one, which may be a docstring).
```
